---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - 6/7-6/11
---

Finally, we start wrapping up the literature review and work on our method for the study this week. We looked around with the RTT demo and worked on research scenarios, methods, and questions such as demographics and for the study.

We also set up 2FA for Gallaudet so that we can get VPN access but some things keep going wrong so we just kept waiting. In the meantime, we perfect our research ideas more. I started implementing some of the ideas such as a survey on Google Forms. I figured out that it could be embedded into web pages so we can in theory do it in the WebRTC demo we had in mind. As for WebRTC itself, I'm thinking of using a virtual camera of some sort to display a lecture video (as well as virtual audio accompanying it). We also looked into GitHub for now but we can't edit it since we don't have VPN access.

In the meantime, we also worked on setting up on getting IRB approval for our research to be carried out on human subjects. So we put in our consent form, video release form (may not be necessary), study questions, demographics survey, and research procedure itself. We also had to send in our resumes.

Finally, we got the VPN working. Mentor met with us to help my partner to connect to things but I'm all set. I learned how to set up the server so that the website would be running. I finally set up a virtual camera along with virtual audio with OBS and VoiceMeeter Banana (not a typo). But the next day Norman shared that he used ManyCam which works better so we switched to that. I also set up a backdrop so that my background isn't as chaotic for a meeting. I also figured out how to wire the camera so that it works well for me so my work environment is perfect now! I also got anti-blue light glasses to allow me to stay with the screen for a long time without straining it as much. All around a lot of useful improvements not only for this work but in general in my opinion.
