---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - 7/26-7/30
---

It is finally the last week! Can't wait to be done with work and take a break. Somehow I already start to miss it as I won't have meaningful days going on. However, I keep busy coding a new project with a friend of mine called SES (a temporary name), spend more time on my piano, and work out more. I also will have only one more chance at the Dance On The Assembly Row event before I go back to RIT, so I can't wait for that as a couple of my friends will be there.

Anyways, enough about the "vacation." For this week, most of what I was doing was writing the research paper. I wrote a couple of pages, and my partner also writes a few pages. There's quite a bit to edit on my partner's words from the feedbacks of other people who reviewed the paper.

I also planned out the tasks for the week so it wouldn't be so overwhelming as it had seemed initially. For Monday and some of Tuesday, we will focus on paper. Then Wednesday on poster and presentation, and then Thursday we can practice and make the last few changes and present.

People that didn't come to the previous presentations came this time as this time was more formal. Our presentation went pretty well. I was quite nervous at the time, but I didn't make too many errors, though I sure did forget to smile a bunch.

Then it was the last social hour. It was a bit awkward, but we had a common activity which was Kahoot. Surprisingly, most people get the answers correct with a few exceptions on the second round which was more about fun facts of the people -- unlike the first round -- which was just a basic introduction. One question was that the person can put his legs over his head when he was younger, but he can't do it now. For some reason, people thought it was me, perhaps because of my ballroom dancer fact, although I had been dancing for only two years.

On the last day, we spent the whole day fixing up the paper. I also edited the recording so that it can show the presentation and our video side by side correctly. The presentation recording had some black bars and issues with the gallery and screen view, so I separated them and then put them together after editing some things. It took a bit of time to get it perfect but it is so incredibly clean. It's here if you want to watch it: https://youtu.be/6R4nXxJKkAQ
