---
layout: post
title: Week 9 - 7/19-7/23
---

For the week, we continued interviewing more people. Some of which are my friends, and some others are my teammate's friends.

The spreadsheet was outdated as I added more rows. However, it didn't take long for me to figure out all the formulas and conditions to change to update it, so that's neat.

On one particular day, we had five quite suddenly because I asked more of my friends, and they were very responsive, so we did it the same day I asked them. On the same day, I heard from my daily mentor meets that the others weren't doing so well, so I made sure that at least some of my friends did sign up for their studies, which they did, so that's great.

7/21, we finally have 20 usable completed study data. 17 of which I know. I also had a few others that were interested but didn't qualify. It's quite surprising for me still that I was able to gather so many people from my friend groups. On the next day, we finished our last study, which increases it to 21 as an extra.

I created a decent presentation quite quickly before our weekly mentor meeting which includes the data summaries that I've set up the day before. Then we presented on the same day and it all went quite well. I got a bit too nervous at some point and didn't really know what I was signing but it seemed to go fine anyways.

One frustration is how my teammate didn't know how to create graphs with the data for analysis nor did she want to spend much effort. So I broke it down on how one instance is possible to do by using formulas that she used previously to count the number of cells that matched a certain value. However, after I explained patiently further, my teammate was able to understand and proceed to create other graphs which lightens my burden so that I can do other tasks.

Nonetheless, all the graphs overwhelmingly seem to make the same kind of conclusions no matter the variable that they prefer a very specific setting rather than having for example that more oral DHH prefers inside/outside than dynamic. But it seems that even the oral DHH prefers dynamic more, although it's a significantly lesser percentage than ASL.

However, we can still look at the comments and conduct some analysis on these as well for more discussion.
